So, now that we have delved into the general details of ETL,
let's take a look at Redshift specific ETL.
So, the idea is we're going to move big amounts of data and
we want to take the data from
the S3 staging area to Redshift and we do that basically using the Copy command.
Naturally insert would work as well in a loop,
but you would never want to do that because inserting things
like data row by row is going to be really, really, really slow.
Okay. So, use the Copy command and it does like bulk upload of the data there.
The idea is if you're going to do that sometimes you're going to have
really big files and if the file is large in size,
it's actually better to break the file into multiple files.
If you do that,
the copy command automatically will ingest the file in parallel.
Once it sees that the file is actually divided into a number of smaller files,
it will start parallelizing the copying effort.
However, how would it know that a bunch of files belong together?
Basically you have two ways.
Either they have a common prefix or
you would use a manifest file and we will give you examples of these shortly.
Other considerations are that the individual whether it's big or small,
it's better to make
those ones compressed from the beginning like in Gzip format or something.
Because you want to also make all the traffic much slower,
we're still in the cloud and the internal network is very fast,
but we're coming here because we have actually big loads to work with.
So we would want to minimize the network traffic.
Another also trick that has to do with the network performance
is that one should work in the same AWS region.
So, you should try to make
your staging area and the same AWS region as the Redshift cluster.
As a small detail you might need to know about the copy command is that you can also
have a custom delimiter if it's not the comma which is used from your source tool.